>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so what we wanna do is,
right now this application has no
concept of Firebase, let's rectify that.
So to get started with Firebase,
we go to firebase.google.com, and
we can go to the console,
>> Steve Kinney: And
you get this fun animation.
And if you have a bunch of projects,
they are here.
If this is your first Firebase
application, this will be empty.
Either way,
we are going to add a new project.
All right, so we give our project a name.
I'm going to call it Think Piece Live,
>> Steve Kinney: Just
because I already have
one called Think Piece.
And then I am going to accept the terms
and I'm going to create the project.
And it will go ahead and
spin up an entire back end for me.
And while this little loading
indicator feels like an eternity,
if you consider that an entire back end
is getting spun up for you, not bad.
All right, and it's ready to go.
>> Steve Kinney: So over here we've
got Authentication, Database,
Storage, Hosting, Functions, ML Kit.
We are going to use the top five of them.
If you are slightly sad that
we're not also using ML Kit,
it's because it doesn't
have web support yet.
[LAUGH] So I would like to.
If it supported a web application,
we'd totally be using it today, but
it doesn't, so we won't.
But we will use all of
the rest of these today.
So we'll be able to install
an authentication system and
authorization system out of the box,
we'll be able to spin up a database
that will push real time updates.
We'll be able to store binary files.
In this case, we'll use images.
We're gonna push it live to the web
with a simple CLI command, and
then we will write some
back end functions.
We'll create some API end points, we will
have functions that listen to changes on
documents and update other documents.
We'll have one that censors
the word coffee script, and
we'll write a whole bunch
of stuff along those lines.